Work Diary 
Siyu Gao
z5252491


week 1
1 Be familiar with the use of GitHub and Jira.
2 Created Group Jira account and init project with sprint 1.
3 Inspection on the Guideline of whole project
4 Host the first group meeting and take group dialog.
5 Finished section 1 of user story.

week 2
1 Reconstruct User Stories in details for part "Account", "Maintain Recipes" and "Explore Recipes".
2 Research for existing works and take it into proposal.
3 Post all structured user story on Jira.
4 Host the second group meeting and take group dialog.

Week 3
1 Draw flow diagram - interface of proposal.
2 Finish proposal formatting.
3 sprint schedule submitted.
4 Host the third group meeting and take group dialog.

week4
1 Submit the proposal.
2 Write Login page and with formatting by my own.
3 Setup Background image and upper-layer for both Login page and register page by my own.
4 Optimise the layout of navbar to ensure its update with or without 'token' by my own.

Week5
1 Host the fifth group meeting and take group dialog.
2 List this week's work and assign to each mate
3 Host a team retrospective meeting for the progress till Demo A, with dialog about the opinion of each team member.
4 Setup login page and corresponding function in the frontend.

Week 6
1 Write the retrospective report and gather 5 "To try" points also assign them to each mate.
2 Change the background for login and register page, and optimise the layouts.
3 Optimise NavBar layouts.
4 Collect files for searching and recommendation part.

Week 7
1 Update SetUp Scripts
2 Change methods displaying type to array
3 Debug on edit recipe for not refreshing
4 Debug on router of view recipes
5 Fix View recipe with basic functions
6 Fix 1/3 Lint errors
7 Font change on Recipe View page

Week 8
1. Host a team retrospective meeting for the progress till Demo B, with dialog about the opinion of each team member.
2. Finish the retrospective report and gather 5 "To try" points also assign them to each mate.
3. Write the scripts for demonstration B.
4. Init the searching result page.